# DAT250-Software-Technology-Experiment-Assignment-3
The experiment with MongoDB was easy to do when I worked with the mongo DB shell provided for the webside. I installed MongoDB in my computer and I did all the tutorials the assignment required. The problem i had with this experiment was the verification of the key, i did like the excersi requeried but i got a error message and i didnt know if i didi correct but the powershell showed that was false for the first time. Whe i tried for last time i got a error message but this time igot true in the end. I dondt know if that is correct. The mongoDB experiment was really god to work with beacuse i have been before in other proyects in last semester with mongoDB and this is good tool for developemt. The possibility of working with other programming languages is very good, especially because it allows integration with other systems such as Heroku. My experience with databases like mysql and the programming language sql allowed me to better understand how mongoDB works.

Experiment 1: MongoDB CRUD operations In this experiment i could work with MongoDB and how i can use this tool to work with database. in this experiment i could to work with all the MongoDB CRUD operations. I learned to work with functions in the diefrents examples that the MongoDB tutorials ofered The screenshots are in the issues item.

Experiment 2: Aggregation the agretation experiment like the map reduce are very important to learned MOngoDB is a very easy tool and is nosql database system allows the user the code define the schema. the problem i had with this experiment was to try to development my own function / operation and i think this wasnt easy to me. i did but no was really good like i were expected.

the screenshots are in the issues item.
